Hello,
comrade <laugh> <laugh> so animal farm by,
uh, George Orwell is, uh, one of my favorite books.
It's an allegory about at least I think about the Soviet union and the
Russian revolution of 1917. So for people who haven't read it, it's,
uh, animals overthrow the humans and as slowly become as bad or worse
than the humans. So comrade,
if we lived on this farm in the book, animal farm,
which animal would you most rather be? Uh, would it be the pigs,
the horses, the donkey Benjamin, the Raven Moses,
the Mr. Mrs. Jones, the dogs or the sheep.
Um, I'm gonna go with the Milton answer,
which is better to rule in hell than serve in heaven. Right. It's.
Better to rule in hell than serve in heaven. Yeah.
So I would have to go with the pigs. So I guess I'd be a cop, um.
At the very top.
So the leader than main pig Napoleon versus like the snow ball of the others.
Yeah. I, I would say it's not, it's,
it's sure it's an algorithm of the Russian revolution, but I think, um,
Orwell's point was, this is broader towards most totalitarian dictatorships.
I mean, it, it,
it could very easily be reticent indictment of Moline or Hitler or many of these
others. Uh, I'm a huge, um, George Orwell fan.
One of the things that I think people on the right need to appreciate is
the courage of many of these in undisputably left
wing voices who were the strongest ones to take on, uh, totalitarianism,
totalitarian communism,
and the three I could think off the top of my head who are all in my top 10
heroes of all time are Emma Goldman, uh, Al KMU, uh,
and Orwell being the third, you know, something that, uh,
leftists like to throw in the face of people on the right,
who constantly invoke Orwell is that Orwell said,
and I don't have the exact quote off the top of my head with some,
to the effect of every word I have written is in,
should be taken as a defensive,
democratic social wisdom against totalitarianism mm-hmm <affirmative>. So, uh,
people like Truman, you know, was obviously very hardcore in many ways,
anti communist, uh, we like to parse things out.
Um, you're gonna laugh, uh, into binary fashions that, you know, left good,
right. Bad, or right, good left bad. But historically speaking,
it was this not fall away into these camps as easily as people would like.
Um, and I think it is important for those of us. It takes a lot more courage,
um, to fight the right from the right or to fight the left from the left.
Because in a sense,
a lot of your countrymen or your fellow travelers are gonna regard you as a
trader to the cause. So I, I, every chance I get,
I will sing the praises of these three figures among others who not only,
even if they hadn't done what they had done,
just lived just amazing lives that all of us can, uh,
learn from and admire and regard us somewhat, uh,
a role model. So.